V3.0.2rc (#1014)
pysat/pysat: docs/instruments/testing_instruments.rst

pysat_testing2d
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> An instrument with satellite-like data like :py:mod:`pysat_testing`, but with a
> profile 2D data variable that is simillar to Radio Occultation data. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An instrument with satellite-like data like :py:mod:`pysat_testing`, but with a
2D data variable, 'profile', that is similar to Radio Occultation data. See
```
